{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13660\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 US Bank Interview Questions:\
\
1.) Why do you want to work for US Bank?\
	
\f1\i - I gave my answers accordingly and basically talked about how \'93they\'92re one of the leading\
	  banks for finance, more specifically, they\'92re the 5th largest bank in the United States. Also,      	  how one of the things that they\'92re prominently great at is by being consistently helpful towards 	  their users. I also mentioned how I want to be apart of US Bank because I want to find ways to \
	  make the security of the transferring of money to be more secure. If I know that I\'92m working with 	  a company that is directly impacting the users in a beneficial way, then I know my work is indirectly	  helping.
\f0\i0 \
\
2.) Talk about a time where your 
\f1\i goal
\f0\i0  wasn\'92t laid out thoroughly and what you did to achieve your goal?\
	- 
\f1\i I talked about a time when a specific class of mine wasn\'92t taught well and how I had to self-learn 	  a lot on my own.
\f0\i0 \
	\
3.) Talk about a time where you promoted diversity and growth.\
	- 
\f1\i I talked about how I promoted S.T.E.M to young children. \

\f0\i0 \
4.) Talk about a time when someone else didn\'92t want to cooperate with you and what you did to tackle that?\
	- 
\f1\i I talked about how some people didn\'92t like to work with me because of the way I teach and how 	  I \'93know it all.\'94 However, I\'92ve learned to keep my pride aside and learn from their perspective, etc, etc, etc.\
\

\f0\i0 5.) Talk about a project that you\'92ve done or currently are doing where the technology was new and different.\
	- 
\f1\i I talked about how I\'92m working on this encryption project at the moment that essentially encrypts\
	  an entire folder that consists of multiple .txt files and it\'92ll encrypt that using the RSA method. However,\
	  to take this further, I\'92ll be using Kernel Processing on images to blur them that are inside the folder. I started\
 	  rambling about the math, technology, and the amount of research that\'92s taking place that I\'92m currently doing.
\f0\i0 \
}